do you use the arcing method a Bible
study for narrative passages if so how
is it different than arcing Paul's
writing for instance I have and I would
if I found a narrative so perplexing
that and I had time to work it out it's
different in that a lot of people don't
even know what we're talking about
parking in a nutshell arcing is breaking
a paragraph down into propositions I am
not ashamed of the gospel for it is the
power of God into salvation for in it
the righteousness of God is revealed
from faith to faith for the wrath of God
is revealed those are all propositions
and their related logically and you give
a number to each of them you draw a line
at the top you put an arc you put a
number under each heart and you draw
arcs to give the logical relationships
to these that's that's our key and it's
very helpful I love it and i use it
still if you have a narrative then
events have to be related to events so
why does God strike the Assyrians blind
why do they leave why is there a camp
full of food why do lepers go out and
find it why do they then say we're doing
wrong people are eating their children
in Jerusalem they need to know there's
bounty just a mile away
what and so you'd kind of put on each of
these events under an arc and you just
ask the why question of how they all
relate to make the big narrative point
so it's the same principle but you're
dealing in larger chunks and you're
asking narrative relationship questions
rather than mere logic questions in a
exposition of Paul
you